Which apps have the highest rating in the given available dataset?
What are the number of installs and reviews for the above apps? Return the apps with the highest reviews to the top.
Which app has the highest number of reviews? Also, mention the number of reviews and category of the app
What is the total amount of revenue generated by the google play store by hosting apps? (Whenever a user buys apps  from the google play store, the amount is considered in the revenue)
Which Category of google play store apps has the highest number of installs? also, find out the total number of installs for that particular category.
Which Genre has the most number of published apps?
Provide the list of all games ordered in such a way that the game that has the highest number of installs is displayed on the top
(to avoid duplicate results use distinct)
Provide the list of apps that can work on android version 4.0.3 and UP.
How many apps from the given data set are free? Also, provide the number of paid apps.
Which is the best dating app? (Best dating app is the one having the highest number of Reviews)
Which comments of ASUS SuperNote have sentiment polarity and sentiment subjectivity both as 1?
Get all the neutral sentiment reviews for the app Abs Training-Burn belly fat 
Extract all negative sentiment reviews for Adobe Acrobat Reader with their sentiment polarity and sentiment subjectivity


Queries:


1)select App from mytable where rating=(select Max(rating) from mytable);

2) select App,Reviews,Installs from mytable where rating=(select Max(rating) from mytable);

3)select App,SUM(Reviews),Category from mytable Group By App Order by Count(Reviews) DESC LIMIT 1;

4) select SUM(Price) as "Total Revenue in dollars" FROM mytable;

5)select Category,SUM(Installs) from mytable Group By Category Order by Count(Installs) DESC LIMIT 1;

6)select Genres from mytable Group By Genres Order by Count(App) DESC LIMIT 1;

7) select distinct(App) ,Installs from mytable where Category="GAME" Order by Installs desc;

8)select App from mytable where Android_Ver= "4.0.3 and up";

9)select Count(App) from mytable where Type="Free";

     select Count(App) from mytable where Type="Paid";

10)select App from mytable where Reviews=(select Max(Reviews) from mytable where Category="DATING");

11) select Translated_Review from mytable_reviews where App="ASUS SuperNote" AND Sentiment_Polarity=1 AND Sentiment_Subjectivity=1;

12)select Translated_Review from mytable_reviews where App="Abs Training-Burn belly fat" AND Sentiment="Neutral";

13) select Translated_Review,Sentiment_Polarity,Sentiment_Subjectivity from mytable_reviews where App="Adobe Acrobat Reader" AND Sentiment="Negative";

  
